You heard the conversation I had with that woman just now.
Right?
Are you pushing me very hard now?
You're always born with nothing.
Even his own mother
Yeah, unavoidable trash
No one can choose their origin
But you can control your own future
Don't hurt yourself anymore
Let me know if you are unhappy, okay?
You are the first to say this to me
Lin Bei, sorry.
You are not wrong.
But where you come from
The blood on your body
We are destined to be enemies
possible
I am also the last one
What do you mean?
You want to leave me not I want to leave you
She's your sister.
He doesn't like me in this house
No.
I don't want you to go
I love you to stay by my side forever
I don't want to leave you either.
Want me to stay
There's only one way.
How?
You said just say it lightly and I'll listen to it all
I need a new branch
Reappear on the phone